[Music]
ten brain teasers that'll mess with your
head
remember those connect-the-dots drawings
we used to do as kids they were fun and
all but the teasers you're about to see
are a little more challenging we're
going to train your brain and test your
geometry and drawing skills don't worry
no math involved here you just need your
logic skills to think outside the box
one you have four dots arranged in the
form of a square without sides use three
straight lines to connect all the dots
and return to the starting point you
have 15 seconds to solve this puzzle
fair and square
[Music]
are you still scratching your head on
this one well here's the answer
who said you couldn't go outside the
imaginary square to connect these nine
dots with four straight lines
the main problem here is that all the
dots have to be connected and the lines
really must be straight
no wavy or zigzag ones now again 15
seconds on the clock to connect the dots
good luck
[Music]
are you ready for the answer well these
are the lines you were supposed to draw
did you get it right cool
it took me way longer than 15 seconds to
figure this one out three all right
let's take things up a notch shall we
again we've got the same nine dots here
but now you must connect them with only
three straight lines you know the drill
15 seconds for you to think outside the
box
and here's the answer yeah it's pretty
weird-looking but no foul play here
there are three straight lines
connecting all the nine dots for you
might have noticed that each task just
keeps getting harder and harder good
then this next one will come as no
surprise this time you have sixteen dots
and you should use six lines to connect
them all take your time but no more than
fifteen seconds you can do it I believe
in you
[Music]
have you found the solution does it look
like this if so hit the like button
let's see how many people managed to
crack this riddle five now let's take
the same 16 dots and again connect all
of them with six lines oh but one minor
condition you have to meet the six lines
must be continuous so if it were on
paper you wouldn't be allowed to lift
your pen my head is already spinning
remember you can always pause the video
for more time you can even bust out an
actual pen and paper and try this one
that way but if you think you're smart
enough to solve the riddle in your head
then your 15 seconds starts now
[Music]
okay times up let's compare our answers
here's how you connect all the dots
without picking up your pen if you got
this one I tip my hat to you six if
you've cracked all the previous riddles
maybe this one won't seem so tough you
have a square consisting of twenty-five
dots you have to connect all of them
using just eight straight lines you only
have 15 seconds so get to it
[Music]
and here's the answer
if you got the same thing good for you
seven no joke
this next task will be the hardest
you've had so far we have a square
consisting of 36 dots to connect them
all you must only use 10 straight lines
you'll really need to strain your brain
for this one that countdowns on
[Music]
if you've arranged the 10 lines in this
way you must be a genius
well done 8 you'll probably need to
pause the video and grab a piece of
paper and a pen draw 5 straight lines
and place 10 dots on them so that there
are 4 dots on each line take your time
and let your brain work to full capacity
[Music]
and here's the solution you need to draw
a five-point star and put the dots on
each point and in each angle the
crossing lines create voila nine here we
have a square with seven dots placed
pretty randomly try to draw just three
straight lines dividing the square in
such a way that in each part there will
be only one dot you have 15 seconds but
if you want to spend more time on this
riddle and play around with the lines
just pause the video nobody's stopping
you
[Music]
are you ready to see if you've done it
the right way here's the answer ten and
now our last puzzle but all the more
difficult of course you have a box and
inside it there are different creatures
you need to draw three straight lines in
such a way that in each part of the box
there will be one butterfly one ant and
one fish once again you're more than
welcome to pause the video take your
time and if you're wondering how on
earth it can be done here's the answer
okay if you manage to solve that last
riddle with the insects you seriously
might be a genius the same can't be said
about me tell us in the comments which
riddle you spent the most time on and
challenge your friends by sharing this
video with them and did you know that we
have tons of cool riddles and other
interesting videos on our channel if you
haven't done so yet subscribe and stay
with us on the bright side of life